Convert the current BizVia website into a static, deployment-ready frontend that can be deployed directly on both Vercel and Netlify.

EXECUTION RULES (READ FIRST):
- Do NOT ask me any questions. Make reasonable assumptions and proceed until the end.
- Work in this order: (1) inspect project structure, (2) make the static conversion, (3) run npm install and npm run build and fix all errors, (4) then do the authentication audit.
- Do NOT delete any backend/server code. Move it to a /backend-reference folder (or leave it unused) so nothing is lost.
- Keep the existing demo flow (login -> dashboard -> approvals -> tracking etc.) fully working using mock/demo data.

IMPORTANT:
- Do NOT redesign the website.
- Do NOT remove or change the existing UI, pages, styling, navigation, content, or demo flow unless required for static deployment.
- Preserve the current BizEase look and functionality as much as possible.
- This is a frontend prototype for a hackathon, so keep the existing demo experience working.

STATIC DEPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS:
1. Make the project fully deployable on Vercel and Netlify.
2. Remove any dependency on Replit-specific backend/server functionality if it is not required for the frontend demo.
3. Do not require a custom backend server just to run the frontend.
4. If authentication is connected to a backend/database, do NOT delete it blindly. Identify how it works and clearly separate it from the static frontend.
5. For the demo, use mock authentication (localStorage-based session) with two demo roles: Business and Government Officer.
6. Use environment variables (VITE_ prefix if Vite) for any API keys or external config. Never hardcode secrets. Add a .env.example file.
7. Make sure npm install and npm run build work. Actually run them and show the result.
8. Add vercel.json, netlify.toml and public/_redirects with SPA fallback so refreshing /login, /dashboard, /approvals, /tracking etc. does not give a 404.
9. Do not introduce unnecessary dependencies.
10. Set the correct output directory (e.g., dist) in both config files.

AUTHENTICATION FILE AUDIT:
After the changes, inspect the actual project and list ALL files responsible for: Login, Signup/registration, Logout, Authentication state, Protected/private routes, Session/token handling, User role handling (Business / Government Officer), Supabase/Firebase/any other auth service, Auth-related API calls, Auth-related context/hooks/components.

For every auth-related file give:
1. File path
2. What it does
3. Required for static prototype? (Yes/No)
4. Depends on backend/database/external auth service? (Yes/No)

Also identify: main entry file, routing file, auth provider/context, login page, signup page, protected route component, dashboard entry, Supabase/Firebase config file (if present), and env/config files related to auth.

Give exact filenames and paths from the real project, not a general explanation.
Mark anything dependent on the Replit backend as: REPLIT BACKEND DEPENDENCY

At the end, provide this exact summary:

AUTHENTICATION FILES
--------------------
Login:
Signup:
Logout:
Auth State:
Protected Routes:
Session/Token:
Role Management:
Auth Service:
Auth Configuration:
Environment Variables:

DEPLOYMENT FILES
----------------
Package:
Build Configuration:
Vercel Configuration:
Netlify Configuration:
Routing Configuration:
Main Entry:

BUILD CHECK
-----------
npm install:
npm run build:
Vercel deployment: (config verified only / not actually deployed)
Netlify deployment: (config verified only / not actually deployed)

Do not claim the project is deployment-ready unless you have actually run the build and checked the configs.